Dashboard
Get ready to publish your app
You've taken the first step towards making your app available to billions of users on Google Play. You can start testing your app right away using internal testing. To publish to everyone, you need to finish setting up your app, complete a closed test, and apply for production access.


Internal testing

Quickly share your app now for initial quality checks
Before you've finished setting up your app, you can quickly distribute builds to your own device or to a small group of your own trusted users. Builds are normally available to users within seconds of being added in Play Console. This is optional, and you'll still need to run a closed test before publishing to everyone in production. Learn more
Finish setting up your app

Provide app information and create your store listing
Let us know about the content of your app and manage how it's organised and presented on Google Play
Let us know about the content of your app
Set privacy policy
App access
Ads
Content rating
Target audience
Data safety
Government apps
Financial features
Health
Manage how your app is organised and presented
Select an app category and provide contact details
Set up your Store Listing
Closed testing

Identify issues in your app, get feedback and unlock production access
With closed testing, you can share your app with a wide group of users that you control. This allows you to identify issues, get feedback and ensure that everything is ready with your app before you launch. You must run a closed test before you can apply to publish your app to everyone in production. Learn more
To start a closed test, finish setting up your app
Production

Apply for access to production
Production is where you make your app available to billions of users on Google Play. Before you can apply for production access, you need to run a closed test that meets our criteria. When you apply, you'll also need to answer some questions about your closed test. Preview questions
Publish a closed testing release
Have at least 12 testers opted-in to your closed test
0 testers currently opted in
Run your closed test with at least 12 testers, for at least 14 days
